Add soruce files for Jestream Pytorch on GKE single host user guide (#625)
GoogleCloudPlatform/ai-on-gke: tutorials-and-examples/inference-servers/jetstream/pytorch/single-host-inference/README.md

> # Serve a LLM using a single-host TPU on GKE with JetStream and PyTorch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Serve a LLM using a single-host TPU on GKE with JetStream and PyTorch/XLA
```

localhost:8000/generate \
--data \
'{
    "prompt": "What are the top 5 programming languages",
    "max_tokens": 200
}'
```

The initial request can take several seconds to complete due to model warmup. The output is similar to the following:

```
{
    "response": " for 2019?\nWhat are the top 5 programming languages for 2019? The top 5 programming languages for 2019 are Python, Java, JavaScript, C, and C++.\nWhat are the top 5 programming languages for 2019? The top 5 programming languages for 2019 are Python, Java, JavaScript, C, and C++. These languages are used in a variety of industries and are popular among developers.\nPython is a versatile language that can be used for web development, data analysis, and machine learning. It is easy to learn and has a large community of developers.\nJava is a popular language for enterprise applications and is used by many large companies. It is also used for mobile development and has a large community of developers.\nJavaScript is a popular language for web development and is used by many websites. It is also used for mobile development and has a"
}
```

## Optionals

### Interact with the Jetstream Pytorch server directly using gRPC

> The Jetstream HTTP server is great for initial testing and validating end-to-end requests and responses. If you would like to interact directly with the Jetstream Pytorch server directly for use cases such as [benchmarking](https://github.com/google/JetStream/tree/main/benchmarks), you can do so by following using Jetstream benchmarking setup and interacting with the Jetstream gRPC server at port 9000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jetstream HTTP server is great for initial testing and validating end-to-end requests and responses. In production use case, it's recommended to interact with the JetStream-Pytorch server directly for better throughput/latency and use the streaming decode feature on the JetStream grpc server.
```

Reviewer: I guess want users to interact with the grpc server due to 1. better performance/throughput 2. have the streaming decode feature support

Author: Changed to suggested wording

```
kubectl port-forward svc/jetstream-svc 9000:9000
```

> To run benchmarking, pass in the flag --server 127.0.0.1 when running the benchmarking script.

Author: Removed
